and hany joins us live now from Rafa
hany so just bring us up to date then
with the latest on these Israeli air
strikes across
Gaza yes well unfortunately more of this
exact scenes that we've been uh seeing
since the beginning of the war more
destruction More Death more children and
more women are among the the the largest
segments of the casualties and those
have been killed
as a result of this war overnight and
and early hours of this morning
concentrated in the central part of Gaza
once again refugee camps are becoming
the major targets of Israeli Relentless
air strikes and artillery Shilling
particularly the Eastern uh part of the
central area of the Gaza Strip we're
talking about a large number of injuries
and a number of people who have being
killed all rushed into alaka hospital
and already overwhelmed uh hospital but
also in KH unun as the Israeli military
announced its expansion of the military
uh operations uh there and the bombings
and with announc announced the increase
of the of its invading forces on the
ground with some 30,000 more soldiers on
the ground it's seventh Battalion to
join the already uh present troops on
the ground uh with an attempt to expand
the operations into other areas of kanun
and this time particularly coming from K
the Eastern side all the way to the
southern part of kanun and that's at the
edge of RAF City there's a growing uh
fear here for the uh more than 1 million
displaced Palestinian and Rafa city as
well as the 300,000 local resident that
the operation will likely to expand to
include parts of RA from the Eastern
side and from the southern part of kanun
into the main in of RAF City where
people here have no other options no
other place to go to to seek Refuge ra
is the only place that they or the last
point that they have evacuated to and
anything else would be would be looking
at crossing over to the Egyptian side
and that's what people do not want uh to
happen in other parts of the Gaz the
northern part in Gaz City despite the
sheer level of Destruction and the the
great damage to infrastructure is really
military and with its Relentless air
strike still continuing pounding the
northern part and the Gaza City
particularly the Eastern side of Gaza
all the densely populated areas have
being cleared completely of the
residential building something that
feeds into a long-term plans of of a
creating a buffer zone yeah and hany uh
many people injured in these air strikes
are being taken to hospitals but of
course many hospitals have been bombed
uh by Israel and they're no longer
functioning
exactly this is the the situations right
now we only uh Gaza is left with only
few hospitals semi functioning hospital
and and those who are still functioning
they are at the lowest capacity possible
for example alaka Hospital in the only
remaining Health functioning health
facility in the Central Area it's a
midsize hospital and definitely just
from looking at the the scenes of the
tsunami of injuries and the number of
those who are killed brought into the
hospitals it just the hospital cannot
accommodate this large number it just
shortage medical extreme short of
medical supply exhausted medical team
inside the hospital been working around
the clock since the beginning of the war
running out of a space literally you
walk into a hospital but you see people
on the floor people with various
injuries among them critical injuries
and some of them already died because
they they were queuing and waiting just
for the their turn to have a doctor to
check uh check on them the situations
here in the southern part are no
different we're looking at three major
health facilities here in addition to
Smalls size private clinics but here
those Hospital are
still suffering from lack of medical
supplies as well as medical staff and
also the space we're talking about an
area that has 260,000
people but within the past two weeks the
population went to
1,300,000 when it comes to the north of
course there are no hospitals whatsoever
a crippled Health Care system as of now
all right to hany Mahmud live for there
in Raa in southern Gaza honey thank you